let me explain what this will have and you put it in ai description mode so I can send the description to superninja.ai to make the site, the site is called "veinte" lowercase clean modern. the starting page will be a intro and like introduce, it will have a white and black grainy clean smooth gradient background and when you open the site, the background slowly fades in and then text in "poppins medium" pops up and says "Welcome" and that will fade in and fade out after 2 seconds, then it will fade in and say "Enter your nickname" with a low transparency box where you enter your nickname and the box is a light grey low transparency with the Poppins font as they type their name, then they press enter when done. also to note, whereever the users mouse moves, their is a stubble white shadow that is on the mouse like follows it, but its right where the mouse is, no delay in the follow its right there. now to the main page, after that welcome screen it fades out. now the ui on this site is clean smooth modern minimal and sleek and simple. the ui will be it will have a sidebar with the rounded corners and you dont have to open it, its already open from always, but it will have 5 icons from font awesome white icons. first icon at the top is the home page so it will have a home icon, second icon is the games which will have a game icon, 3rd, proxy for the unblocker so a magnifying glass, 4th tools with tool icon, 5th settings with the gear icon. these pages will take you to a new link when you click on the icons. the main colors for the site are white, grey and black, black for the background with white as the icons and text and grey as the background with the grainy gradient along with the black. now for the homepage the ui it will have a trending page with a round rectangle at the top with the trending games it will say "Trending" with below that in smaller text "These games are on fire right now!" and it will have a slideshow that fades in and out of a "Game cover" that will be what the game will look like and i put a image in the github folder then link it to their so if it gets deleted i have it, thats for me. now when its slideshowing, it has the game cover and if you clikc on one of the game covers, it will take you to a new link for that game. now under that trending section is the games calalog, we have rows of the section of games like first row is "Popular" 2nd, "Action" 3rd, "Horror" 4th, Running, 5th, Beauty etc. and there will be 6 game covers on each row and a arrow at the end to slide the game covers to the left and show the next 6 if there are any. and there is a smooth animation for that. and you can scroll downt the page to see more catalogs and selections. now the background of each page has particles, small dots that smoothly and slowly move to the right of the page. and for the games page, it will have all the games. and also when going to each page it goes like if you press games page it will take you to the link /g or proxy, /p settings /s tools /t home /h and then yea. all the games will be in the all games it will be 4 rows of game covers and the list goes down for all the games. now for the tools page it will have 5 round square icons for the tools and they will have when you click on a tool cover, it will take you to a "tool page" this is where it has an iframe of the link, this will happen for the "play game page" as well, its an iframe of a html code in my github g (games) folder that will have the game source html code and that link will embed in the play game page, this will happen to the tool page as well but the tool page is a link for that tool, both pages will look like (these are the actual tools and games not their page with them displayed.) it will be a round rectangle screen size but a little smaller so you can see the sidebar and background, and under that has a round menu with buttons a like the game or tool button, dislike the tool or game button and fullscreen button that makes the html game source code in the users fullscreen or the iframed tool link fullscreen, and the game, a open game (or tool) in new tab with about:blank link but its the actual link or game source code, and a refresh game or tool that refrehses the link or source code, and a download only for the games that downloads the html game source code onto their device so they can play on their files. now thats what the tools page and games page will look like, not the ones that displays the tools or games but is the games or tools. now for proxy page, this will have a working scramjet proxy link and the proxy ui is the cleanest and sleekest, it has tabs for the proxy its like google with working close and open tabs with font aweseome icons, and a view history with their scramjet proxy link history, bookmarks where they can live bookmark a page and view it, extenstions that have a "veinte extenstions" shop with dark mode, ai lens on their proxy, thats coming soon and a ad blocker that works,https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock and working inspect, whats that inspect dev tools online source code thing on github i forgot the name but we can do that, also help me set up scramjet, and the menu for the proxy it has the title in the middle of the new tab "veinte" and under that has already made bookmarks, tiktok, youtube, gemini, chatgpt.and its super clean with the poppins font, add more stuff. and finally the settings. settings has 5 categorys, account, theme, tab clocker, about, and credits, the theme changer, it changes the background colors for things, here are the themes, deafult (white and black), blue, pink, green, brown. they change the colors of everything based on what they choose the background, icons if its too light or to that color. tab clocker changes the tab name and icon like change to google classroom with their icon and like you can change it to other school stuff like IXL or DeltaMath etc. about its just blank until i write something and credits is blank too. add more stuff
